# Altitude-Control-System
I helped redesign the Altitude control System (ACS),which is part of a high-altitude balloon missions that captures images of Chicago at night to map light pollution.Initially, Teensy 3.5 was used to run the system. Nevertheless, I helped with redesigning the ACS so that it is compatible with Node-MCU.The process was done by analyzing the Node MCU, learning about the pins, and constantly testing each component in the system (using Arduino to analyze the compatibility of each hardware with the Node MCU). The new Altitude control system contains an independent SD card shifter that can be used to send back data wirelessly (afterthe balloon is launched) via the SD card’s connection with the Node MCU.  There is also a Bi-directional level shifter so that the voltage is converted accordingly for each component to receive a compatible voltage level. 

Throughout redesigning the system, I learned soldering,how to analyze different hardware’s pins, and the process of combining different components to make a system.  I was exposed to Arduino and the process of utilizing/ editing libraries of codes to analyze the components in the system. This project/ redesigning process was special to me because this system will create a detailed and clear map of light pollution in the Chicago area from the stratosphere. This will be the first map to be created that will distinguish every streetlight inthe city! This redesigning process helped me truly understand what its like to be an engineer outside of university setting. I had to do a lot of self-teaching and research to understand the previous system in order to be able to redesignthe new system.   
